= Bulk Time Entry Plugin

This is a plugin to enter multiple time entries at one time.

== Features

* Enter multiple time entries from a single page
* Auto fills the issue id based on the selected project

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be found in the {downloads}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/list_files/redmine-bte] at Little Stream Software and also on {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine-bulk_time_entry_plugin/tree/master].

== Install

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins Make sure the plugin is installed to <tt>vendor/plugins/bulk_time_entry_plugin</tt>
2. The link to the plugin should appear on the top left of your menu, called "Bulk Time Entries"

== Usage

1. Enter the time entry details
2. Click "Add Another" or use the accesskey of Alt + A to add another time entry form
3. Click "Save" to save all the time entries

=== CSV Import

A Rake task is included to allow importing Time Entries in bulk.  The CSV file should be in the following format:

* No header
* Column 1 - Issue id
* Column 2 - Time Entry comment (optional)
* Column 3 - Date spent on. e.g. YYYY-MM-DD
* Column 4 - Activity name. e.g. Development
* Column 5 - Number of hours
* Column 6 - User login. e.g. edavis

The rake task should be run in your Redmine root like:

    rake bulk_time_entry:import:csv RAILS_ENV=production CSV_FILE=/path/to/time_entries.csv

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

